REMITT Architecture
($Id$)
($Author$)

Authentication Architecture ---------------------------------------------------

REMITT uses XML-RPC as its primary transport. As the successor to the FreeB
architecture, the basic structure of requesting transport is the same.
Some differences exist, however, in security and authentication.

FreeB accepts universal connections on a socket, performs actions based on
callbacks to the system specified in its configuration file, and returns
result codes. REMITT is built to allow many authenticated users to submit
batches to the system.

Using a "system.login" and "system.logout" call, the system creates an
authentication "session", which is used to maintain state data, though 
XML-RPC over HTTP/HTTPS is traditionally a stateless protocol. These
sessions can remain active for up to a year from the last known contact
with the server. They can hold report information that would be impractical
to hold an open connection for.

Processing Architecture -------------------------------------------------------

1) Verification

2) Rendering

3) Translation

4) Transport

5) Feedback

--

VERIFICATION

Currently not implemented.

This verifies that the proper data is in place to generate the requested
forms, and returns error messages prior to rendering to alert the system
of the inadequacies in its generated data.

RENDERING

Rendering is the process of taking a description file (which is presented as
XML), and performing XSL translations, commonly referred to as "XSLT", on
them to produce intermediate XML files.

TRANSLATION

Translation is the process of taking intermediary XML files and converting
them into other formats. XML2Text renders "fixed form" data as standard
fixed form type sheets (such as the HCFA-1500 form). As many different
renderers may use the same output format, this abstraction allows the least
amount of code duplication.

TRANSPORT

Transport is the process of submitting or posting the resultant data. This
could be used to transport the data to a clearinghouse or similar
facility, or print it, etc.

FEEDBACK

This is currently not implemented.

Feedback is the processing of resulting messages from a transport, to
indicate errors and return status in claims.

